This is a list of the patches to external software included in this
distribution, and a rough description of the changes. As they mature,
and the libkate API and the Kate bitstream format stabilize, they
will be contributed to the relevant projects.



 * MPlayer (mplayer-svn.diff)

This adds support for multiple Kate streams multiplexed alongside any
audio and video. Kate streams can be selected at runtime.
There is no support for Kate advanced features such as regions, styles,
and motions, only pure text or SPU style pictures are extracted and
passed to the subtitle code. In band markup is ignored.
It demuxes and uses Kate streams in both Ogg and Matroska containers.



 * xine-lib (xine-lib-1.1.12-with-kate.diff, xine-lib-1.2-with-kate.diff)

This adds support for multiple Kate streams multiplexed alongside any
audio and video. Kate streams can be selected at runtime.
There is experimental support for almost everything Kate supports (as
xine is my testbed).
In band markup is parsed and tracked, but most of it is ignored.



 * xine-ui (xine-ui-0.99.5-synced-lyrics.diff)

This allows displaying Kate lyrics on the player window in sync with
an acompanying stream.



 * libshout (libshout-svn-with-kate.diff)

This adds support for Kate bitstreams.



 * GStreamer (gst-plugins-bad-with-kate.diff, gst-plugins-good-with-kate.diff,
              gst-plugins-good-with-kate.diff)

This adds Kate decoding support (kateenc is a text only (eg, no styles, regions,
or motions support) decoder, and tiger is a full featured decoder and renderer
based on libtiger). Encoding supports both text and DVD SPU subtitles (needed
for encoding DVD subtitles using Thoggen).
There is also support for Kate in Matroska.



 * Annodex Mozilla browser plugin (browser_plugin-with-kate.diff)

This adds support for text Kate streams as subtitles, and a simple Javascript
API to manipulate those (Linux only implementation for the renderer).



 * Thoggen (thoggen-with-kate.diff)

Adds support for encoding DVD SPU subtitles as Kate streams.
This patch needs the GStreamer patch above to be applied.



 * Subtle (subtle-with-kate.diff)

Adds support for text only Kate streams embedded in Ogg.
This patch needs the GStreamer patch above to be applied.



 * oggenc (oggenc-with-kate-lyrics.diff)

Adds support for encoding lyrics as text Kate streams from .srt and .lrc files.
These can be read back bu XMMS, Audacious, and XMMS2, by applying the patches
included.



 * XMMS (xmms-1.2.11-with-kate-lyrics.diff)

Adds support for embedded Kate lyrics in Ogg streams, displaying them in sync.



 * Audacious (audacious-plugins-1.5.1-with-kate-lyrics.diff, audacious-plugins-hg.diff)

Adds support for embedded Kate lyrics in Ogg streams, displaying them in sync.



 * XMMS2 (xmms2-stable.diff)

Adds support for embedded Kate lyrics in Ogg streams, sending a signal when lyrics
change.



 * gxmms2 (gxmms2-with-lyrics.diff)

Displays lyrics sent by XMMS2 in sync.



 * abraca (abraca-with-lyrics.diff)

Displays lyrics sent by XMMS2 in sync.



 * azrael (azrael-with-lyrics.diff)

Displays lyrics sent by XMMS2 in sync.



 * kuechenstation (kuechenstation-with-lyrics.diff)

Displays lyrics sent by XMMS2 in sync.



 * blastwave (blastwave-with-lyrics.diff)

Displays lyrics sent by XMMS2 in sync.



 * liboggplay (liboggplay-with-tiger.diff)

Adds support for rendering Kate streams using libtiger, so non text streams can
be rendered as well. Kate streams can be either overlaid on top of a video, or
rendered to a separate buffer.


