This is a list of the examples in this directory.

Type `make kate-streams' to build them to Ogg/Kate streams.

Type `make streams' to build them to Ogg/Kate streams interleaved with
video. This needs a Theora stream named video.theora.ogg in the base
directory (symlink any Theora stream to it, 640x480 size should be fine,
a dark background is suggested). This also needs either oggz_tools, or
a patch oggmerge (from ogg-tools). Both of these packages can be found
at the Xiph website: http://www.xiph.org/.

Built streams are placed in the built-streams directory.

Several players can play the resulting streams, though most will need
patching. Out of the box, only VLC can play Kate streams, though only
simple text and SPU based streams are supported by VLC. For full
featured playback, either the Tiger GStreamer element or liboggplay
are recommended, though none are committed upstream yet. Another option
is to patch xine. The patch for xine is also in the diffs directory.

The katedec Kate decoder (found in the tools subdirectory) can decode
a stream back to a form that may be used again as input to the encoder
(though information like macros, etc, will be lost - it is a bit like
getting preprocessed C code - you get the raw code).


minimal.kate
  very simple text only stream, no styles, only timing information

karaoke.kate
  bare bones karaoke-like example, a marker moves above the text,
  and text color change with time.

unicode.kate
  texts in various scripts - needs fonts with characters from several
  planes in unicode space

demo.kate
  shows various effects that one can achieve using kate features

path.kate
  shows how to use text paths

bom.kate
  a simple example using a BOM (byte order mark)

markup.kate
  text includes simple in band markup

font.kate
  shows how to use bitmaps as a custom font

empty.kate
  nothing in it, should build as an empty stream

utf8test.kate
  test utf-8 read/write routines with code points around interesting places

kate.kate
  demonstrates the draw motion semantics

z.kate
  changes the depth of two texts so they change draw priority

metadata.kate
  demonstrates attaching metadata to various objects

